change url for groupfolder apps on admin tab (#581)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

> - add quick link for `group folder` apps in the error message when it is missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add quick link for `group folder` app when not downloaded and enabled (project folder setup)
```
